Support filter attribute in the package source of the asset store (#2713)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/asset-store/docs/06-01-asset.md

| **metadata.namespace** |    **YES**   | Defines the Namespace in which the CR is available. |
| **spec.source.mode** |    **YES**   | Specifies if the asset consists of one file or a set of compressed files in the ZIP or TAR formats. Use `single` for one file and `package` for a set of files. |
| **spec.source.url** |    **YES**   | Specifies the location of the file. |

> | **spec.source.filter** |    **NO**   | Specifies the regex pattern used to select files from package that should be stored. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **spec.source.filter** |    **NO**   | Specifies the regex pattern used to select files to store from the package. |
```
